---
title: DMEXCO
author: Patric Boscolo
authorURL: https://twitter.com/patricsmsdn
authorFBID: 
---

## Scanblue at DMEXCO 2019

<!--truncate-->

Today remarks a great milestone in the history of Scanblue. We are about to ship a new version of the "3d cloud" based on customer feedback. At DMEXCO we listened to the demand and feel more confident about the future of our cloud solution. The new cloud solution will ship as **"scanblue.cloud"**. While we are still working on it, we will share a details along the way.

As a part of the **"scanblue.cloud"** we are also shipping the documentation platform across all scanblue products. So we are also extremly happy to announce that the docs.scanblue.cloud will serve as a one stop shop for all documentations across our products and services. The documentation is available on [Github](https://github.com/scanblue-engineering-ag/docs).

The **"Scanblue Industry 4.0"** solution has been announced on DMEXCO, while customers and we share the same excitement of the Industry 4.0 we will share more information along the way. We are happy to share the specification of the **"Scanblue Industry 4.0"** solution. 

Overall the past few months have been an incredible journey. And I wanna thank everyone in the engineering department as well as the partners and vendors for their continous commitment to develop the worlds most advanced Internet of Things industrial grade scanning system. We also take a moment to think about the losses we had in the past months and continue with pride and remember our legacy. 

Patric 
CTO, Scanblue Engineering AG
